how's it going guys and welcome to week
two of my ESO giveaway this week I'm
going to be giving away a werewolf by
and daedric heavy armor so there's going
to be two winners this is the Daedric
heavy armor and obviously I've got some
dies on their got days you read and
akatosh gold I'm going to make a video
going into detail about dies but when
you get the armor won't have these
colors on you can need to color it
yourself another quick tip guys is that
if you don't want to see the helmet just
go into options and click hide helmets
that's going to hide your helmet but
still give you all the effects and armor
that your helmet would normally bring
it's especially useful with the daedric
armor wear the helmet looks really weird
although I need to be in the same
alliances you to actually bite you to
make you a werewolf I can send this
armor to anyone's in any alliance as
long as you're in the EU server so if
you want to win the werewolf bite just
type in werewolf bite if you're the
first comment and then obviously type in
armor if you want the arm own you're the
first comment for the armor so again
there'll be two winners each week and
because it's been so much demand for
this werewolf by i'm going to give away
well by every single week or at least
every week that there's interest last
week's winner didn't actually reply to
me in time to get the bite so I made him
some armor instead and I'm going to be
making all the armor at veteran once you
don't go out of it too quickly obviously
as people progress if you want something
higher than that veteran 14 or whatever
I can do that as well so this was high
elf armor and you wanted a bit of magic
air in a bit of stamina so I've done
hunting's rage with twilight's embrace
you can see the set bonuses on the
screen now for these two sets but
basically every week like I said they'll
be the werewolf by an i'll be giving
away some armor as well definitely let
me know in the comment section what kind
of Army you'd like to see I'm going to
be able to make loads of light armor
from next week as well and I'm actually
going to be making my own Dwemer light
armor I've also got a few quick tip
videos out today and then I'll be having
a break from quick tips for one or two
weeks while I cover Batman but like I
said every week I'll still be doing a
giveaway and then every few weeks i'll
be doing a guild update so this time I'm
going to be talking about the ranks and
also showing you guys some pvp gameplay
if you didn't manage to win this week
just follow me on facebook or twitter so
i can update you with the exact time
that i'm going to be uploading the
giveaway as usual all you're going to
need to do is be the first comment for
either the bite or the armor and you'll
be able to get that thanks for watching
guys and I'll see you on the next video
you